docs(readme): Add readme (#4)
quentinv72/cs-catalog-api-client: README.rst

Catalog API client
==================

This package implements a simple client for the Cornershop catalog API.
It is built using the
`api-client <https://github.com/MikeWooster/api-client>`__ package.

> For documentation on the Cornershop catalog API, pleage go

Author: ```suggestion
For documentation on the Cornershop catalog API, please go
```

`here <https://docs.catalog.cornershop.io>`__.

Getting started
---------------

To get started, you can add the package to your environment by running:

::

    pip install catalog-api-client

Some examples
-------------

> Here are some examples of how you can use the client API. Note that ther
> input and ouputs should be List, dict, etc.. Not JSON.

Author: ```suggestion
Here are some examples of how you can use the client API. Note that the
inputs and outputs should be List, dict, etc.. Not JSON.
```
